# C343 Project - Routing Wires on a Chip

## Project Description

In this project you will implement a Java program that places wires on
a computer chip. For purposes of this project, a computer chip will be
abstractly represented as a grid of vertices, where each vertex is
connected to the four neighboring vertices (in the directions north,
south, east, and west). To complicate matters, parts of the chip are
already allocated for other uses and may not be used for running
wires. These already-in-use parts are called obstacles. Each obstacle
is a rectangular region of the grid. You will be given a list of pairs
of coordinates and your task is to connect each pair with a wire.  A
coordinate is a pair of integers, with the first being the horizontal
distance from the left edge of the grid, and the second being the
vertical distance from the top edge of the grid.  A wire is a list of
grid points. Wires may not cross one another.  In addition to
connecting all the pairs, your goal is to minimize the aggregate
lengths of all the wires and to minimize the execution time of your
program.

The format of the input file is described as follows.  The first line
is the height of the grid, given as an integer.  The second line is
the width of the grid, also given as an integer.  The third line is
the number of obstacles o.  The next o lines are the obstacles.  Each
line has four integers, separated by spaces. The first two integers
give the upper left coordinate of the obstacle and the second two
integers give the lower right coordinate of the obstacle.  After the
obstacles, there is a line that gives the number of pairs that need to
be connected. The remaining lines in the file are pairs of
space-separated coordinates, where each coordinate is a pair of
space-separated integers.

We have given you the code that reads the input file and creates the grid
with obstacles laid out and the source and destination points specified.
The obstacles are marked with grid cells with value -1. The start
and end points of a wire/path are marked with a number assigned to
that path. All the other cells contain the value 0.

Your function `findPaths` in the `Routing` class should use this grid
to connect a source and a destination with a path. You should mark the
grid once a path has been found for a pair of points, thus preventing
overlapping of paths. Also all the points that lie on an obstacle
should be avoided. The `checkCorrectness` function in the `Drive`
class checks for these conditions to verify the correctness of your
solution.

Note that a path can have the same source and destination points.

## Your Task

We need you to implement the `findPaths` method.  It takes the board
and the points to be connected as arguments and returns a list of
paths. The board represents the entire chip. Each path represents the
wire used to connect components represented by points. Each path
connects a pair of points in the points array; avoiding obstacles and
other paths while minimizing the total path length required to connect
all points. If two points cannot be connected, then the path should be
null.

Think of a simple way to minimize the path length. You can use the
grid to mark the points that lie on a path.  You might want to use
auxiliary data structures to keep track of the intermediate points
that lie on the path.

After finding a correct solution, you can look for heuristics to
reduce the aggregate length further.

Describe your solution at the top of this `README.md`.


